[MUSIC]
>> Justin: The final thing to
make your tabs widgets work,
I'm gonna add a hide and show method.
This one is really easy.
Hide should just set to display to
none and show should make sure that
there is no, display is set to empty,
so it will show itself again.
JQuery's hide and
show is a little bit more advanced.
It can work even if the element style
in the stylesheet had a display none.
Its hide will work or its show will work
to show it, but I'm not gonna do that.
So let me make a hide and show and
this is the last thing before
we hit elements or events.
So hide should just be doing
this.css display, none and
show should be doing this.css
display empty string.
So by setting to the empty string,
or wiping out the display, none,
because maybe in the CSS, someone had
display inline block, display block,
we don't want to overwrite it by assuming
they wrote block or something like that.